# Development and Technology

## Webbook

  - [Webbook implementation](development.md#webbook) - Website generation using GitHub Page as a replacing for Markdown Hugo/Jekyll frameworks with WebBook Level 1 (Unofficial Proposal Draft by Daniel Glazman combined with Publication Manifest W3C Proposed Recommendation 01 October 2020 https://www.w3.org/TR/pub-manifest/ - using naming of publication.json - [see issue](https://github.com/Health-Sprints/obp/issues/3).

  The reason for this Webbook implementation is that a Markdown conversion is not needed at this point in the workflow. That Markdown involves lossy conversion and problems with publication part, e.g., tables, picture captions, etc. Markdown can be part of the workflow - as na authoring format and output format but for our workflow not in this position in the workflow.
  
### What are we traing to achieve and how it works

#### Goals



#### How it works

  - The Webbook is a replacement for Hugo or Jekyl to make a website on GitHub page - see examples previously made - [Jekyll](https://akademie-oeffentliches-gesundheitswesen.github.io/krisenmanagment/), [Hugo and Docsify](https://independent-sage.github.io/Should-Schools-Reopen/#/).
  - Additionally the Webbook uses the GitHub repository and GitHub Pages to access other output formats automatically by referring to local links. EPUB /epub/ /pdf/ /pod/ /source/ /html/ etc. Fidus Writer export would have a templated configuration to generate a specific file structure and naming convention.
  - It is made from an uncompressed EPUB (3.1?) is stored on GitHub. 
  - The EPUB needs some modification prior to generation. a) to fit WebBook Level 1 (Unofficial Proposal Draft by Daniel Glazman. b) Adding publication.json to comply with Publication Manifest W3C Proposed Recommendation 01 October 2020. We do not think these invalidate the EPUB.
  - Have a CSS that can be used for the Webbook and render the Webbook website in Github Pages. The CSS would be generated by Fidus Writer or could be a template that is made available from a GitHub repo.
  - Have a Javascript to render a navigation menu with menu features like Docsify.
  
### Steps involved in implementation

  - Output a decompressed EPUB archive to GitHub - see
  - 
